Package                   Version
------------------------- -----------------------------
attrs                     23.1.0+computecanada
certifi                   2023.7.22+computecanada
charset_normalizer        3.2.0+computecanada
comet_ml                  3.32.4+computecanada
configobj                 5.0.6+computecanada
contourpy                 1.1.0+computecanada
cycler                    0.11.0+computecanada
dulwich                   0.21.3+computecanada
everett                   2.0.1+computecanada
fonttools                 4.42.1+computecanada
h5py                      3.8.0+computecanada
hdf5storage               0.1.18+computecanada
idna                      3.4+computecanada
imageio                   2.31.3+computecanada
importlib_resources       6.0.1+computecanada
jsonschema                4.19.1+computecanada
jsonschema_specifications 2023.7.1+computecanada
kiwisolver                1.4.5+computecanada
lazy_loader               0.3+computecanada
matplotlib                3.7.2+computecanada
MinkowskiEngine           0.5.4+torch1120.computecanada
networkx                  3.1+computecanada
numpy                     1.25.2+computecanada
packaging                 23.1+computecanada
Pillow                    10.0.0+computecanada
pip                       23.0+computecanada
pyparsing                 3.0.9+computecanada
python_box                6.0.2+computecanada
python-dateutil           2.8.2+computecanada
PyWavelets                1.3.0+computecanada
referencing               0.30.2+computecanada
requests                  2.31.0+computecanada
requests_toolbelt         1.0.0+computecanada
rpds_py                   0.10.0+computecanada
scikit_image              0.21.0+computecanada
scipy                     1.11.2+computecanada
semantic_version          2.10.0+computecanada
sentry_sdk                1.31.0+computecanada
setuptools                46.1.3
simplejson                3.19.1+computecanada
six                       1.16.0+computecanada
tifffile                  2023.8.30+computecanada
torch                     1.12.1+computecanada
tqdm                      4.66.1+computecanada
typing_extensions         4.7.1+computecanada
urllib3                   1.26.15+computecanada
websocket_client          1.3.3+computecanada
wheel                     0.34.2
wrapt                     1.15.0+computecanada
wurlitzer                 3.0.3+computecanada
zipp                      3.16.2+computecanada
